Web Client Development
Assignment 1
You may work in teams of 2 or 3 people. Each person needs to submit his/her own copy of the
solutions. At the top of your work include a header that lists all persons on the team.
1.
    a. List the six falsy values that exist in JavaScript.
        0,-0,empty String, undefined,null,false
    b. Which of those values are considered equal using the == operator?
                        0   -5  empty String    undefined   null    false
        0               T   T   F               T           T       T
        -5
        empty String            T
        undefined                               T
        null                                                T
        false           T                                            T
    c. Which of those values are considered equal using the === operator?
2.
    a. List four ways to convert a string to a number in JavaScript.
    b. For each of the four ways, what is the result of calling it with the string “5”?
    c. For each of the four ways, what is the result of calling it with the string “3.14159”?
    d. For each of the four ways, what is the result of calling it with the string “oops”?
    e. For each of the four ways, what is the result of calling it with the string “123Hello”?
    f. For each of the four ways, what is the result of calling it with null?
    g. For each of the four ways, what is the result of calling it with undefined?
3. Write a program that writes “Hello World” to the JavaScript console.
You should turn in a single file that has a .js extension.
4. Write a program that prompts the user to guess a number between 1 and 100.
    If the guess is greater than 42, alert the user with the message “Too high”.
    If the guess is lower than 42, alert the user with the message “Too low”.
    If the guess is 42, then alert the user with the message “The Answer to the Ultimate
    Question of Life, the Universe and Everything”.
You should turn in a single file that has a .js extension.